Add new BBE for isolation inference and show how it affect strands (#3228)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/run-strands-safely-on-separate-threads/run_strands_safely_on_separate_threads.md

# Run strands safely on a separate thread based on isolation

> Ballerina extended the isolated feature to identify cases where strands created by a start action, or a named worker can be run safely on separate threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina extended the isolated feature to identify cases in which strands created by a start action or a named worker can be run safely on separate threads.
```

> Ballerina extended the isolated feature to identify cases in which strands created by a start action, or a named worker can be run safely on separate threads.

Reviewer 2: We don't need to say that we extended the functionality since this is a BBE?
```suggestion
The isolated feature in Ballerina supports identifying cases in which strands created by a start action, or a named worker can be run safely on separate threads.
```

> A start action is isolated if the function or method it calls has a type that is isolated, and the expression for every argument is an isolated expression. An isolated start action is allowed in an isolated function, and the strand created by the start action will run in a separate thread from the current thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A start action is isolated if the function or method it calls has a type that is isolated and the expression for every argument is an isolated expression. An isolated start action is allowed in an isolated function and the strand created by the start action will run in a separate thread from the current thread.
```

> A start action is isolated if the function or method it calls has a type that is isolated and the expression for every argument is an isolated expression. An isolated start action is allowed in an isolated function and the strand created by the start action will run in a separate thread from the current thread.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `start` action is isolated if the function or method it calls has a type that is isolated and the expression for every argument is an isolated expression. The object whose method is called by the method call or remote method call is treated as an argument. An isolated `start` action is allowed in an isolated function and the strand created by the `start` action will run on a separate thread from the current thread.
```
